System architecture documentation (#1010)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/developer/guide/architecture.md

# System Architecture
In this section, we outline the system architecture using ER Diagrams, Software Component Diagrams etc. and key libraries / frameworks used in this project.

> ## Frameworks Used

Reviewer: Please refer to the [documentation naming conventions](https://kartoza.github.io/sawps/developer/documentation/#file-naming-conventions) for heading conventions.

The following is a list, with brief descriptions, of the key components used in creating this platform. Please refer to their individual documentation for in-depth technical information.

| Logo | Name | Notes |
|------------|---------|----------------|

> |![Django](img/arch-framework-django-1.png){: style="height:30px;width:30px"} | [Django](https://djangoproject.com) | Django makes it easier to build better web apps more quickly and with less code. | 

Reviewer: Please update the image names to something like:

```suggestion
|![Django](img/architecture-django-1.png){: style="height:30px;width:30px"} | [Django](https://djangoproject.com) | Django makes it easier to build better web apps more quickly and with less code. | 
```

And remove any images you are no longer using
